
Subjects:
    -Subject 1: Male, 24 years old, right-handed, no prior BCI experience.

Subject Instructions:
    Each subject was instructed to remain relaxed until stimulus onset.
    Upon stimulus onset, subjects were instructed to engage the specified activity, be it motor movement or imagery,
    in accordance with the details below. Subjects were instructed to maintain said activity for the duration of the
    stimulus being displayed and to then relax upon the stimulus being cleared.
    Subjects were instructed to avoid blinking during motor imagery or activity, but allowed such action during rest
    periods.

Experimental Setup:
    -Location: Flinders University Tonsley Campus, Room 4.53
    -Hardware: OpenBCI Ganglion Board (4-Channels), OpenBCI EEG Headband Kit (2 Flat-Snape Dry Electrodes, 2 Comb Dry
    electrodes), Lenovo Thinkpad Pro 580 Laptop (Recording Device).
    -Electrode Locations: Fp1, Fp2, O1, O2 (Standard Configuration) C3, C4, Cz (Optimal Configuration)

Methodology:
    Subjects were presented with stimuli representing a particular direction, and instructed to to either perform the
    following action or imagine the following action based on the data required.
        Left Arrow - Open/Close left hand
        Right Arrow - Open/Close right hand
        Up Arrow - Open/Close both hands
        Down Arrow - Move both feet in a circular motion.
    The stimuli were shown for a total of 4 seconds each, in a randomised order, with a six second break between each
    stimuli being shown.

Data Format:
    Experimental data is saved as the standard output of the MNE raw.save() method, in the .fif file format.
    Channels are named appropriately, and stimulation markers are present in the channel STI001, with a value of 1
    being representing the onset of rest, 2 representing the onset of left/up arrows and 3 representing onset of
    right/down arrows.
    This data is able to be read directly using the MNE raw.load() function, but other programs may not be capable.